Worst Case Analysis (#23970)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/algorithms/sorting-algorithms/quick-sort/index.md

---
## Quick Sort

> Quick sort is an efficient divide and conquer sorting algorithm. Average case time complexity of Quick Sort is O(nlog(n)) with worst case time complexity being O(n^2). Specifically, the worst case is when the the array is reversely sorted and the two pivots are the smallest and largest values in the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quick sort is an efficient divide and conquer sorting algorithm. Average case time complexity of Quick Sort is O(nlog(n)) with worst case time complexity being O(n^2). Specifically, the worst case is when the the array is sorted in reverse order and the two pivots are the smallest and largest values in the array.
```
This makes it understandable more easily
